# Fine-Tune-Bert-for-Text-Classification 

## Overview
In recent years, large language models (LLMs) have become increasingly sophisticated, capable of generating text that is difficult to distinguish from human-written text. In this competition, we hope to foster open research and transparency on AI detection techniques applicable in the real world.

This competition challenges participants to develop a machine learning model that can accurately detect whether an essay was written by a student or an LLM. The competition dataset comprises a mix of student-written essays and essays generated by a variety of LLMs.

## Description
Can you help build a model to identify which essay was written by middle and high school students, and which was written using a large language model? With the spread of LLMs, many people fear they will replace or alter work that would usually be done by humans. Educators are especially concerned about their impact on students’ skill development, though many remain optimistic that LLMs will ultimately be a useful tool to help students improve their writing skills.

At the forefront of academic concerns about LLMs is their potential to enable plagiarism. LLMs are trained on a massive dataset of text and code, which means that they are able to generate text that is very similar to human-written text. For example, students could use LLMs to generate essays that are not their own, missing crucial learning keystones. Your work on this competition can help identify telltale LLM artifacts and advance the state of the art in LLM text detection. By using texts of moderate length on a variety of subjects and multiple, unknown generative models, we aim to replicate typical detection scenarios and incentivize learning features that generalize across models.

## Dataset Description
The competition dataset comprises about 10,000 essays, some written by students and some generated by a variety of large language models (LLMs). The goal of the competition is to determine whether or not essay was generated by an LLM.

All of the essays were written in response to one of seven essay prompts. In each prompt, the students were instructed to read one or more source texts and then write a response. This same information may or may not have been provided as input to an LLM when generating an essay.

Essays from two of the prompts compose the training set; the remaining essays compose the hidden test set. Nearly all of the training set essays were written by students, with only a few generated essays given as examples. You may wish to generate more essays to use as training data.
